Right now we can't have much of
codeesign between chips and uh models
because of this asymmetric design cycle
for chips because it takes so long uh so
much it takes so much time to design
chips. The the cycle is there's a
mismatch between how fast we can create
the next generation AI methods and how
fast we can build the next generation
chips. But if we can make [music] our
chips much faster then we can enable
this co-design and co-evolution of
workloads applications and chips all
together.
[music]
This week on training data, we explore
the biggest bottleneck holding back AI
compute and the design of chips
themselves. Our guests are the founders
of recursive intelligence, Anna Goldie
and Aalia Mirhoseni, the team behind
Google's pioneering alpha chip project
that helped design four generations of
TPUs. They're now applying AI to the
entire chip design process, transforming
the industry from fab to designless.
Anna and Aalia paint a picture of what a
Cambrian explosion of custom silicon
means. We'll explore the holy grail
topic of recursive self-improvement, how
AI design chips unlock radically
creative new chip designs, and why
democratizing chip design could
accelerate the path to super
intelligence. Enjoy the show.
Thank you so much for joining us. We're
so excited to celebrate the announcement
of recursive intelligence and
congratulations on embarking on this new
adventure. Thank you. Thank you so much.
Um
>> to kick off, um you've said that chip
design is the compute bottleneck to
advancing AI. Can you share and paint a
picture of what's happening now? Um what
are all the bottlenecks to chip design
today? I mean I think when we were
saying that we were kind of alluding to
this motivation that we had originally
with our moonshot which was this
observation that you know neural
networks these concepts that have been
around for decades but the AI that came
out of it wasn't that effective until we
had like more powerful computer systems
and chips and we thought that now we
that we had very powerful AI systems we
could use those to kind of tackle the
bottlenecks in chip design and you know
create basically more effective compute.
So if you see these like scaling laws
basically the more compute you apply to
training a model or inferring with a
model like the more intelligence you get
out and we're seeing that there's this
mismatch like we're using say GPUs are
like originally designed for graphics
processing but we're somehow repurposing
them for crypto and then for training
neural networks models. I guess they're
good at like large matrix multiplies,
but like if we could more better
co-optimize the models and the hardware,
we could get more effective compute and
then we could push ourselves out on that
those effective scaling laws.
>> You were the co-creators of Alpha Chip
at Google, um, which I think is using
four successive generations now of TPUs.
Maybe take us back to that project. How
did it get started? Uh, what were the
key results you drove?
>> Yeah, so we started a project uh in
2018. Um and we had some earlier version
of placement that placement work that we
were interested in solving and that was
not about chip placement. It was about
compiler and ma basically mapping neural
networks to chips. Um so we did that
project we got great results we
published and we were like what are the
like highest impact projects that now we
can kind of push this further and have
real world impact and that's where the
chip placement uh came in in in the
picture and we started the project
working very closely with the TPU team
at Google because back then we didn't
know much at all or at all about how
chip design is uh how the process is. So
we worked very closely with them uh from
very early on and uh at the time it's
interesting because at the time AI was
like was still like very talked about
but nothing like the scale was nowhere
near what it is today. So we had to
really work through things and showing
with showing them data and like
constantly like iterating over our
approach and hearing them what they
needed from us, listening to them. um
iterate through the process and
eventually uh we bent from a research
concept on chip placement all the way to
something that was actually used in
product and we could tape out and all
that. I remember one of our very first
meals together um when I it hit me that
you were so customer obsessed and had so
much empathy for the customer and I
asked you how and why and you said well
I've been working with the TPU team as
our customer internally for so many
years. So I think that really kind of
gave you that other perspective. Um what
were the TPU team's early reactions um
to what you had created? I mean they
were like super skeptical. [laughter]
For example, like Aaliy and I we were
you were researchers. Like we had read a
bunch of research papers and we're like
okay there's this half perimeter wire
length that's what academics report
results on. So like we made this RL
agent that could optimize half perimeter
wire lengths for a placement. And then
we were kind of excited about sharing
that with them. And we showed these
results and they were like actually kind
of like angry at us like why are you
showing us these results? Like we don't
care about half perimeter wire length.
like we want like routed wire lengths,
congestion like horizontal and vertical
congestion, timing violations, power
consumption, area like
>> and so you know we we just kept
listening to them and we were like okay
so what is the thing that matters I
think another part is just to make your
customer feel like they're part of it
too.
>> Yes.
>> So for example we worked with them to
create the cost functions that they
cared about approximations of those. So
like Mustafa who was on the the TPU team
developed these very fast like
congestion cost function. Um and then we
could optimize against the end density
and then wire lengths as well and then
we show results on those and then we run
the commercial tool and we show that
this actually correlates to good results
on the metrics that they do care about.
>> Yeah.
>> Um so I want to talk about floor
planning and and I come from an EDA
family. Uh you know and floor planning
is it is the crown jewel of EDA. Can you
say just for our listeners that don't
come from the chip design industry what
what exactly that is and how your
technical methods help solve it? Uh so
floor planning is a process where we
place the components of a chip onto the
silicon and uh the complexity of this
process comes from the large size of the
input problems like for a block of a
chip not the entire chip like a single
block in a chip the graph that we're
optimizing has mill could have millions
of nodes and all of these nodes need to
be placed and routed and we need to make
sure that all these constraints that
earlier uh we were talking about like
PPA power area performance are optimized
and all the physical constraints are
met. So the placement problem has to do
with how we can do this such that all
those constraints given by these like
very small technology node sizes given
by TSMC and others are met. Uh so we're
dealing with a combinatorial
optimization problem. That's large scale
but also all the metrics are hard to
evaluate and measure.
>> Got it. And this traditionally was done
together with EDA software like a
cadence of a synopsis, right? How does
your method differ from the classical
methods? So what we de developed here
was a
learning based approach to the problem
where we would train a reinforcement
learning agent that would try out
different ways to approach the placement
problem and it would learn through
interactions with this environment that
we built to learn from the positive
placement and also the negative examples
and iteratively improve itself. Uh so
one of the main differences between our
approach and all prior approaches were
uh this ability to learn from experience
which would enable the model to
self-improve just like a human expert
that becomes better as as they solve as
they solve more instances of the problem
and harder problems. um our agent uh was
able to kind of exhibit similar behavior
and that was a very um major kind of uh
delta and change between what we had and
prior approaches.
>> Yeah. And I remember with I mean if you
take Alph Go as an analogy move 37 was
kind of shocking because it was just so
different from how a human player would
move. Are you seeing something similar
happen with with floor planning and chip
design?
>> Yeah, we saw these very strange like
curved placements. So they're donut
shapes as well. I think humans would
tend to make the macros very So macros
are memory components that are larger
and they make them very aligned and then
they would put logic maybe in the middle
and then wires would connect all of
these components. But if you make the
shapes curved, you can reduce the wire
lanes which can reduce a power
consumption and timing violations. But
it's just the complexity of making this
curved placement was like beyond what
humans would have wanted to take on or
it felt risky to them. So yeah, these
aliens. [laughter]
>> What was the moment you realized that
this had the potential to transform the
entire end to end process, not just the
floor planning stage and when you
decided that it had the potential to
really be a company? There there were a
few like milestones that uh first was
like showing that it works that it gets
the superhuman results on some blocks
and then later on the chip was actually
taped out and it came back and it was
actually working which is a big a big uh
kind of milestone uh because it can be
really really costly if for some reason
our AI missed something. Um so those
were big moments. Uh the real impact and
also on the algorithmic side when we saw
this kind of self-improve improvement
properties and the fact that models were
our models were becoming better as they
solve more problems like that that is
like very cuz when we get to that point
then there is no stopping for the AI.
they can see more data points and solve
more instances of the chip optimization
problem than any single human can ever
do. Mhm.
>> So that's that's the moment that you're
like yes so [laughter]
there's a lot more potential here but um
alpha chip was targeting a module a a
part a part of physical design uh but
chip design as we know there there are
many more to like stages to it and many
more components and right now uh we
think that
everything from the state of AI and the
capability of AI um both on LLM side and
other like graph optimizations and other
approaches and the way that we can
really scale up these algorithms and
enable synthetic data very large scale
distributed computing everything is
ready to tackle the end to end chip
design optimization problem so that's
why we're excited about doing the
company right now super cool how do you
think about getting the right training
data for this market I think it's you
know it is kind of the binding
constraint to AI in many ways and is
this a market where you can have you
know enough synthetic data or selfplay
to be able to to bootstrap?
>> We're excited about synthetic data. So
obviously there's some open source data
but it's not that interesting or
meaningful and you know customers are
willing to share data with us but we
don't want to train our models on that
because we want to keep their data
private and siloed from each other. But
synthetic data is where we think there's
the most promise. Like as Ali and I,
we've been working on synthetic data
approaches and for LLMs in various code
domain tasks across like Claude and
Gemini. And we see a big opportunity to
like get a scale of data that would go
far beyond what any customer could ever
share with us, like orders and orders of
magnitude more.
>> With the TPO program, um I guess at what
moment did the chip experts stop
doubting you? And as each successive
generation came out, what was the
progressive impact of what RL was able
to drive in those designs?
>> I mean, I think that our approach with
the TPU team is like every week we would
show them data over and over again
>> and every week.
>> Yeah. For every week for like a couple
years. Yeah. Because I mean, this the
stakes are very high here. Like if
there's something wrong with this layout
like the the setup on the TPU team is
like this. There are human exp the the
TPU is quite large and complex. So they
divide it up into dozens of blocks and
then each block is owned by a human or a
team of humans and that's their
responsibility to get this block right
if anything goes wrong like it's their
fault right and so they would generate
their own layouts in collaboration with
commercial tools and then we would show
them our layout some AI generated layout
it would look weird it would be curved
and they would you know they would have
to say okay like I'm picking this AI
generated layout over my own layout u
and I'm taking responsibility for that I
think yeah requires a lot of trust. We
have to be better in every single metric
for them to choose that and we saw
across each successive generation of TPU
that we were being adopted in more and
more of the chip block and more of the
area and also that we were getting
increasingly superhuman performance. I
we published a alpha chip blog post I
think September last year we showed this
>> curves both say a word on that yeah on
on the blog post in the superhuman
performance. Yeah, I think like just
that in across every single generation
that we were used which I think there
were three generations shown in the blog
post but actually we're used in another
generation after that was published
every single one we're seeing more of
the area and more like increasingly
superhuman performance.
>> Yeah. So basically the delta between
alpha chip layouts and the baseline
layouts are also growing growing
>> which is like it's a property of AI and
how it scales with data.
>> It makes sense right? We're alpha chip
was trained on more and more
>> TPU block so it gets better.
>> Why is the company called recursive?
>> Uh because we're recursive we're AI for
chip design and chip design for AI. Uh
so recursive self-improvement in terms
of like the name the spelling of the
name. Um so the name itself is
recursive. So the initials R I recursive
intelligence are the first two letters
of the company's name.
>> What does recursive self-improvement
like? Like like why why does that matter
for you know the brother AI race like
just say a word on I think this is this
is a no problem. Just say a word on it.
>> Yeah. So af chips are the fuel for AI
and scaling laws are driving much of the
progress in AI whether it's on
pre-training post training test time and
all that and so the faster we can make
chips that are more custom or better
designed for the AIs that we run uh the
faster we enable uh this efficient more
efficient kind of compute and that kind
bends the curve for our scaling laws. So
that means we get to the next generation
of AI uh faster and we can gen create
design better AIs faster. And so this is
a type of recursive self-improvement
that we want to see because our AIs then
can help our chips become better and we
can design them faster and so on. So
that is the recursive self
self-improvement loop that we are going
after. One of the visions that you have
is to transform the industry from just
fabless to designless. What does that
mean?
>> So fabless was basically this concept of
it used to be that people thought that
no serious chipmaker could exist without
their own fab. This was like obviously
before like this multi- trillion dollar
companies like Nvidia, you know, TSMC
basically created this whole new world
where we could have these incredibly
valuable fabulous companies. So we think
that there's an opportunity to create
incredibly valuable companies that don't
need to have their own in-house design
teams. So many companies they serve
these models at massive scale. They're
spending like you know this I think a
hundred billion dollar plus on AI
inference alone like this year and it's
growing rapidly. So companies would
benefit from like maybe custom chips to
serve their models or train them, but
that requires enormous teams of like
hundreds or thousands of human experts
inhouse. Um, and we don't think that's
necessary. So we want to move towards
yeah designless paradigm. It's
fascinating. We're seeing it come true
with obviously Google and TPUs, Amazon
with Tranium, also OpenAI and Broadcom
and and maybe even Tesla. Do you think
the future is then you know even today
there's almost like model model
application codees. Do you think there's
going to be chip application codees and
even individual companies will have
multiple chip architectures as a result?
>> Yes, we think that there's there we are
going to see more and more code design
across the deep learning or AI stack
from model and data to uh software and
all the way to the chips. Um and we're
going to enable that and code design is
really the seek the secret or the path
to more efficiency and more performance
going forward. And uh but right now we
can't have much of codeesign between
chips and uh models because of this
asymmetric uh kind of design cycle for
chips because it takes so long uh so
much it takes so much time to design
chips. the the cycle is there's a
mismatch between how fast we can create
the next generation AI methods and how
fast we can build the next generation
chips.
>> Um but if we can make our chips much
faster then we can enable this co-design
and co-evolution of workloads
applications and chips all together. One
of the things that I loved that we
talked about early on was that um the
value you bring isn't just on reducing
the cost um it takes to actually design
a chip or the speed at which you can
accelerate the chip design process
though that is transformative in itself.
It's actually to unlock completely new
potential applications and maybe custom
silicon as well alongside it. Um can you
share a little bit about that? What is
the Cambrian explosion that you might
expect? I mean, we think computing is
going to be increasingly ubiquitous in
every aspect of our lives. So, like
obviously there are things like ARVR,
there's like maybe chips in space, even
like hearing aids. Like there are
experiences that aren't possible unless
you can serve them at like sufficiently
low inference like latency or at like
low enough power. And we think that like
custom silicon can enable these
applications.
>> Yeah. They think that AI is going to be
everywhere in every kind of experience,
every every aspect of industry and life
going forward. And there are chips that
would enable these AIs to run. And given
the scale, we we would want them to run
as efficient uh very efficiently and uh
low power, highest speed, all of that.
And custom silicon is really going to
enable that. Um and we want to enable
custom silicon for for basically any
workload that is being run at sufficient
scale.
>> Since we have the ear of whoever is
listening on the podcast, who might some
of your ideal customers be? Um there are
a range of customers that we are uh
envisioning. uh the the in the first
phase of the company when we are f when
we are building ways to accelerate
dramatically accelerate the chip design
process our customers would be chip
designers um like Nvidia AMD ARM
MediaTek and all all of these companies
that are already designing their chips
and all of them would want to faster
design cycle and we can help them with
with this uh technology Uh but we we
don't want to stop there. Uh we uh we
want to enable any customer that has a
workload or a family of workloads that
they want to run that that they're
running it at sufficient scale and they
would benefit from a from custom
silicon. We want to enable them to have
that without having having teams of
hundreds to thousands of chip designers
in their companies like so we I think
that kind of goes back to this Cambrian
explosion of chips that we can enable.
I'd love to talk about the kind of
existing incumbents in chip design. Um
so like I grew up in a family of of
Cadence. Uh, mom and dad both worked at
Cadence and I think chip design is a
duopoly between Synopsis and Cadence.
Um, and I think they're adding AI to
their product suites. Um, how do you see
your company playing out versus the
incumbents adding AI?
>> I think that we see ourselves as like
sort of coming from the opposite
direction like we're a frontier AI lab.
we come from like you know Google brain
or like anthropic those kind of like
backgrounds and we want to kind of
rethink or reimagine how chip design can
be done
>> and we we think that fundamentally in
order to be able to this isn't like a
point solution thing where we want to
replace some module one at a time with
AI we want to like reimagine and
co-optimize different stages and we
think that an AI approach is necessary
here
>> what people from the chip design
industry think of you guys is I would
imagine there's a range of like from
excitement to extreme skepticism.
Extreme excitement to extreme skepticism
>> or extreme fear [laughter]
fear. Um like yeah what do the shift
design folks think of you all?
>> I think a lot of them are excited to
work with us as like potential customers
and we're excited about them too and a
lot of people are excited to come join
us and work together
>> but yeah of course like what we're doing
is very ambitious so I'm sure many
people are skeptical too.
>> Let's talk about that for a little bit.
Like there was, you know, there's some
internet uproar, you know, micro niche
internet communities love getting spicy
and there was like some spiciness around
um alpha chip and like people from media
saying like ah that's not it's not
really real for xyz reasons. Like what
what do you think was behind that and
what do you think was valid in that
criticism and what what do you think um
is the important thing that they weren't
realizing? Um so whenever AI goes to a
new field and does something disruptive
um
we would see reactions like that and
this is not necessarily just just for in
our case it appears almost in every
other
>> the bitter lesson
>> field it's the
>> and we think the bitter lesson is part
of it like we are true believers in the
bitter lesson and it's usually a a
little challenging ing to kind of like
um accept that a whole new technology or
new way of looking into problems that
people have been have worked on for
decades is just coming and is solving
things more end to end and um and these
people like in this case Anna and I and
the alpha chip team where we were coming
from not from not an EDA background uh
at least we had not worked on that's
that's that problems space and now we
could come come up with problems that
were with uh solutions that were being
productionized and all that. So, so
there's always this kind of a reaction
in the beginning but um somehow the true
kind of impact of our work was was much
bigger than just the problem that we
solved. Um and I can mention some of
those. For example, uh this bringing
like doing reinforcement learning
looking into these graph graph neural
net optimizations
uh were applied to many other problems
across chip design including a best
paper award in at DAC in 2023. Uh the
first author of that paper is now is now
our teammate at recursive and that was
for physical design. We saw there its
adoption in other stages of chip design
like synthesis and so on. The work
brought a lot of like attention to AI
back in 2020 in in the chip design field
and that was uh we think it's like one
of the most impactful thing as a result
of our project. Right now there are uh
conferences like we we actually we are
involved in one of the LLM AED design
that are just just focused on AI
approaches to chip design which back in
the days was not not a thing. So, so we
we are there's so many positive things
happen as a result that we are grateful
for that and
>> I had a funny interaction at like ML for
systems workshop which is this another
conference that we had started in like
2018 and this person was like oh alpha
chip inspired my entire PhD thesis and I
was like oh that's wonderful and I was
like so I'm just curious like how did
you first come across the paper and he
was like oh because of the controversy
>> yeah [laughter]
very amusing I think the thing that
surprised me a bit was I thought that
the people who would be upset by the
work would be like physical designers
whose jobs were at risk, right? And
those and you know those physical
designers were skeptical. It required a
lot of data for them to be able to
change their mind and accept that their
method worked. But they actually weren't
the people that were upset. It was
people who had developed prior methods
in the field.
>> And I think in retrospect that makes
sense. There's something painful about
like you pour like your like time, your
like your human ingenuity, your like
soul a bit into these methods and then
people come from outside your field and
then they're using sort of in some sense
simpler approaches like they're using
things at scale with data and compute
and you're outperforming. It's like a
little it's painful.
>> Totally.
>> But you know, everyone we can all you
know build on top of this work.
>> Yeah. We can all adapt. Yeah.
>> Can I ask you the opposite question? Um,
so I love the bitter lessness answer. I
I then have the opposite question, which
is well the large language models became
so good at coding for example, um, why
won't they just naturally become good at
chip design? Why does there need to be a
specific chip design frontier lab?
[snorts]
>> Yes. So chip design has a a lot of
components and some of them are um
language and related to language and
code but actually a big chunk of it is
not related to language and code and it
has to do with these uh different
properties and graph structure of of the
of the chip and all these constraints
that appear like these are like really
really hardcale combinatorial
optimization ation problems that
required a specific like the custom way
of uh like specific kind of approaches
from an AI perspective. Um and our
approach here is to apply the right
method to the to the uh to every problem
and LLMs uh we love them so much and
we're going to use them extensively. We
are going to build uh LLMs that are
really useful for some stages of the
process but they're uh not going to be
sufficient for all of this. Um so we are
going to have our own AIS and specific
optimizations for different stages and
those are really important because uh
unless we design them those those uh
kind of modules that are really fast
really optimized we can't iterate around
them with LLMs or with other methods.
So, so our approach is going to be a
very hybrid uh kind of multifaceted uh
AI that is going to after this uh but we
are true believers in AGI and
>> bitter lesson
>> bitter lesson and we we just want to be
on the frontier of that with better
chips.
>> What do you think a world with AGI looks
like? It's so hard to imagine the world
in 10 years or even five. But what what
do you imagine for whenever that future
is?
>> I guess AGI like what does that mean
human level for everything? Like maybe
you just have many employees that are
just effectively you know a bunch of
compute powering them. I think
eventually like you know maybe we can
all take a vacation but [laughter]
>> it's just uh so it's going to be extreme
like uh cases of productivity for every
single human being. Um and as a result
we can create a lot of uh economical
value uh at a scale that is not possible
today and hopefully distribute it at a
scale that is not possible today. So uh
I I have a very optimistic view or view
about future about the future where we
when we have AGI just lots of good
things are going to happen and if you're
careful about it we can distribute the
value to to all humans and and that's
great.
>> We're going to have data centers in
space.
>> Yes, why not?
>> And is that going to require actually is
that going to require custom silicon
because it's like a different thermal
footprint, right?
>> Probably. Yeah, there are other there
are different requirements in space from
temperature from like kind of resistance
of the chip and so on. So
>> yeah, even like working on the Pixel
phone, they have different corners. So
like the phone has to be robust to
different temperatures like different
voltage settings and so like yeah, you
just have to increase in many more
corners I guess for these chips.
>> Yeah, that's a good example actually of
like where the different properties of
you know different heterogeneous compute
you have different chips, different use
cases. cutting chips in space right now
like the whole data center is in space
you know field is structured around how
do you make existing uh GPUs perform
actually in space but I think if
everything for the pre-rade for your
company works there's going to be
specific compute for space
>> customization for space in this case
>> so you've already become incredible
talent magnets in just the couple weeks
since incorporating the company um we
have Jiwoo Echen
Dan, Iraham. Um, what what else are you
looking for in terms of talent?
>> I mean, we're definitely building out on
the technical side. So, every stage of
tip design, we're looking for top
talent, but also on the LLM side. So,
this is like we're we're a frontier AI
lab. So we want people all the way from
like pre-training, mid-training,
post-training, RL training, you know,
experts in evaluations, data, and also
on the non-technical side, we want, you
know, operations specialists who can
help unlock us like recruiting like um
chief of staff, like that kind of thing.
>> What do you hope to have accomplished in
a year?
>> Oh, we're going to release our first
product by a year, but yeah. [laughter]
>> Yes. uh
>> strong commercial partnerships.
>> Yeah, strong partnership and we want to
have our first product in that timeline
that uh we can offer broadly not just to
our partners but more broadly to other
chip designers.
>> Anything you're willing to share in
terms of what that first product might
look like?
>> Yes. Uh it's going to accelerate the
process. It's going to tackle the long
poles in chip design and it's going to
be more end to end than the products
that we have access to today.
>> Yes. How do you see the role of a human
engineer uh evolving in a world where
the design process is automated? What do
they end up doing instead with their
time and talent?
>> I mean I think there's like our company
goes through various phases. So like the
answer to that question maybe changes
over time. But you know one way to think
about it is like you know these
engineers can come work with us and help
us reimagine the process. So that's one
way. [laughter]
Um the other thing is like it's sort of
like as humans start working with like
claude code or cursor you know maybe
they're not doing as much hands-on
coding but they're becoming amplified
and becoming much more productive
through these AI tools. So something
like that like for example even just
alpha chip we could generate these like
prito optimal curves of like different
tradeoffs like every one of these points
would have taken humans like weeks to
generate but we could generate many many
of them because it's it just takes so
little time and compute for this model.
So like human can like explore like what
is it we really want what trade-offs we
care about.
>> So we're going to vibe code chips.
That's what I heard. [laughter]
>> Maybe that's not quite but yeah maybe
[gasps]
kidding. So you've worked with some of
the greatest of all time um Jeff Dean
Noom Shazir many many more um very
closely um Coach Lee and and others what
are some of the lessons that you've
learned from them or experiences that
have really shaped you and and how have
they shaped your perspective today? So I
I think with uh all of these uh people
that you met, they're extraordinary. So
just setting the bar really high and um
all of them are also extremely
passionate about what they're doing and
that's how Anna and I feel about this
company like we are so excited to solve
this problem no matter what. So that's
something that
we think is very important to actually
uh be successful. And um the other thing
about them is just they're just really
nice people.
>> Yeah.
>> And that setting that nice culture,
collaborative c culture when where
everyone is heard and uh everyone can do
their best work. That's like a very
important important thing that we want
to uh follow their roots as well.
>> That's right. I think like Jeff for
example like incredible breath,
incredible depth, incredible speed, but
also like very high integrity. Like he
treats every single person with like
respect. It doesn't matter if they're
like president of the universe versus
like they're an intern or something.
Like it's equal like treatment. And I
think that's like we want to embody that
too.
And I just remember like Jeff, he
actually gave me like a performance
review, a corrective feedback or
something. He was like, "Ask for more
from other people." And so I wanted to
[laughter]
Yeah, expect more from others, too.
>> I like that. [laughter] I like what you
shared. I I saw all these um photos of
Jeff at Nurups running with like many
people, [laughter]
which I think perfectly encapsulates
what you just said. He he welcomes
others in and he you know motivates them
and and spends time with anyone no
matter what.
>> I remember clock also he was our manager
almost for 10 years. He was telling us
like deep learning makes all of us
renaissance people like we can make
contributions in many different types of
fields and I think that's true here as
well. And he also said like have fun in
this company like actually enjoy. And I
think we think that's important too. We
think if everyone's having fun, then
we're going to do even better work
together.
>> I love that.
>> All right. Thank you so much, Anna.
We're so excited for your first year at
Recursive, and we're really, really
excited about it being the frontier lab
for AI chip design.
>> Thank you so much.
[music]
>> [music]